I mentioned earlier this idea of harmonizing
external forces with the practice of Cybersecurity.
I think this is still one of the most interesting parts of GRC today.
GRC professionals must be able to bridge a gap between the organization,
its needs, and security.
But it's often difficult for
pure Cybersecurity professionals or business stakeholders to articulate the role of GRC.
Now, in my mind,
the roles aren't always clear either.
As much as GRC is intended to support security,
it's imperative that the job is accomplished with the context of the business's needs.
In order to do that,
GRC professionals must be prepared to work alongside
business stakeholders to understand how they intend to sell more product,
improved payroll, or expand into new markets.
Whatever the day-to-day activities of the business happen to be.
In that way, GRC must be
well-rounded business functions with insight into all parts of the business.